                                  Good jokes


 ,                         A robber was robbing a house...

A robber was robbing a house when he heard a voice. "Jesus is watching you!"
 "who's there?" The robber said But no sound was heard. So he kept going and
 he heard it two more times when he spotted a parrot. "What's your name,
" the robber asked. "Cocodora" said the parrot. "Now, what kind of idiot would
 name a bird Cocodora" said the robber. "The same idiot who named the rotweiler
 Jesus", said the parrot. 

                                   Who am I?

Night. A sleeping couple is lying in a bed. Door bell rings. A couple wakes up. Woman:
"Quick! My husband is back!" Man jumps out from a window. Flying down he
starts to think: "Shit! But I am the husband!"


                               A recent study showed...

A recent study showed that the average husband only actually speaks 
to his wife about thirty-seven minutes each week.

Well, yeah, I can believe that, I mean just how long does it take 
to say "Uh-huh" or "Yes dear" or "I'm sorry" ?


                                     Hungry Snake

Having arived at the edge of the river, the fisherman soon realized he had forgotten to bring any bait. Just then he happened to see a little snake passing by who had caught a worm. The fisherman snatched up the snake and robbed him of his worm. Feeling sorry for the little snake with no lunch, he snatched him up again and poured a little beer down his throat and went about his fishing.

An hour or so later the fisherman felt a tug at his pantleg. Looking down, he saw the same snake with three more worms in his mouth...

                           A man took his Rottweiler to the vet...

A man took his Rottweiler to the vet and said "My dog's cross- eyed, is there anything you can do for him?" "Well," said the vet, "lets have a look at him." So he picks the dog up and has a good look at its eyes. "Hmm," says the vet, "I'm going to have to put him down" "Just because he's cross-eyed?" says the man. "No, because he's heavy," says the vet.












